Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) all nodes connected/reachable from any other node, with the lowest weight for all connections
Need to adjust the graph, then refind MST. Is there an MST algorithm we used in class? Could probably find one online...
How can we use the MST that is passed in? There might be a way to make a small adjustment without needing to parse through the whole
graph over and over
when both of an edge's vertices are 'visited' there will be a cycle I believe
Worst runtime: O(ElogV) 
G' should only take O(1) I believe, then just need to re-run the MST utility 
Tree cannot have cycle


adjustMST(graph G, MST T, edge e, uint c)
{
  for all edges E in G
    if E = e
      E.weight += c
      if E exists in T    /*O(V)*/
        return kruskal(G);
      else return T
}

By definition, a MST of some graph is a Spanning Tree (ST) with the lowest total edge weight. A Spanning Tree is a tree of some graph (G) containing all vertexes (V) and 
having V-1 edges (E), and is a subgraph of G (every E in ST exists in G). So for some graph G, a MST would have no cycles, contain all vertexes, and have the lowest total 
edge weight of all the STs of G. In this algorithm, when updating the weight of an edge E, we can have two scenarios. Either the edge E exists in the MST T, or it does not.
If it does exist in T, we need to update the edge weight, and re-calculate the MST for the updated graph (G') by running Kruskal on G'. If edge E does not exist in T, we don't have to do anything. 
We know this because the weight of T is already the minimum weight of all the STs of G. Because we only ever INCREASE the value of E, anytime we update an edge that is not in T
we know that T will still have the lowest total weight, so the updated graph (G') will have the same MST. 

Runtime of this is O(ElogV). Krustal's runtime is O(ElogV) and all other calculations are done in O(1), so total is O(ElogV).
Technically this runtime is: O(E) + O(ElogV) but O(ElogV) is way bigger so the overall runtime devolves to O(ElogV) the outer for loop runs E times, but 
because of the if statement, everything inside that loop runs only once. So it is not O(E*V).
